DOCSP-41733 query size limit (#817)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/get-started.txt

- :ref:`Flexible Sync - React Native SDK <react-native-flexible-sync>`
- :ref:`Flexible Sync - Swift SDK <ios-flexible-sync>`

.. warning:: Query Size Limit

  The **size limit** for queries from your client application when using Device Sync is

>   **256 kB**. Exceeding this limit in a query results in in a :ref:`LimitsExceeded Error<flexible-sync-errors>`.

Author: ```suggestion
  **256 kB**. Exceeding this limit in a query results in a :ref:`LimitsExceeded Error<flexible-sync-errors>`.
```

>   **256 kB**. Exceeding this limit in a query will result in a :ref:`LimitsExceeded Error<flexible-sync-errors>`.

Reviewer: Minor nit: our style guide calls for us to avoid future tense.
```suggestion
  **256 kB**. Exceeding this limit in a query results in in a :ref:`LimitsExceeded Error<flexible-sync-errors>`.
```
